Rework documentation to use open source Canton/Daml [PLEN-209] (#3)
digital-asset/daml-platform-observability-example: README.md

* Artifactory credentials to access our private
[Canton Enterprise Docker images](https://digitalasset.jfrog.io/ui/repos/tree/General/canton-enterprise-docker/digitalasset/canton-enterprise/latest)

Docker Compose will automagically build the [image for the HTTP JSON API service](./http-json/) from the release JAR file.

> Check the [`.env`](./.env) file to know which Canton and SDK version are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the [`.env`](./.env) file to know which Canton and SDK versions are being used.
```

> ⚠️ You can test different versions changing `CANTON_VERSION`, `SDK_VERSION` but there is no guarantees that it will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ You can test different versions changing `CANTON_VERSION` and `SDK_VERSION`, however, there is no guarantee that it will be
```

```sh
docker compose -p obs down --volumes
```

## Using private Canton/Daml docker images

⚠️ **Digital Asset internal only**

> * Make sure your the Docker daemon is logged in to `digitalasset-docker.jfrog.io`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure the Docker daemon is logged in to `digitalasset-docker.jfrog.io`:
```

    ```sh
    docker login digitalasset-docker.jfrog.io -u <your-username>
    ```

  If you haven't logged in before, you can get an access key by logging in to
  [digitalasset.jfrog.io](https://digitalasset.jfrog.io) using your Google account and
  generating an identity token on your
  [Artifactory profile page](https://digitalasset.jfrog.io/ui/admin/artifactory/user_profile).

>   If your email is john.doe@digitalasset.com => your Artifactory useername is `john.doe`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If your email is john.doe@digitalasset.com, your Artifactory username is `john.doe`.
```
